[DOC] Clarify release notes for Parquet version (#4107)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/setup/upgrade.md

It's production ready and we highly recommend switching to it for improved query performance. [PR [3810](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/3810)]

Upgrading to Tempo 2.6 modifies the Parquet block format.

> You don't need to do anything with Parquet to go from 2.5 to 2.6.

Reviewer: same comments as the release notes

Author: Thank you for reading this! I'm glad you read through this.

> All of your old blocks remain vParquet3, which 2.6 reads.

Author: ```suggestion
If you used vParquet2 or vParquet3, all of your old blocks remain and can be read by Tempo 2.6.
```

Tempo 2.6 creates vParquet4 blocks by default, which enables the new TraceQL features.

> Although you can use Tempo 2.6 with vParquet2 or vParquet3, you can only use vParquet4 with Tempo 2.6 and newer.

Author: ```suggestion
Although you can use Tempo 2.6 with vParquet2 or vParquet3, you can only use vParquet4 with Tempo 2.5 and newer.
If you are using 2.5 with vParquet4, you'll need to upgrade to Tempo 2.6 to use the new TraceQL features.
```
